Rock List
---------
igneous0: Red Granite
igneous1: Black Granite
igneous2: Rhyolite
igneous3: Andesite
igneous4: Gabbro
igneous5: Basalt
igneous6: Komatiite
igneous7: Dacite
metamorphic0: Gneiss
metamorphic1: Eclogite
metamorphic2: Marble
metamorphic3: Quartzite
metamorphic4: Blueschist
metamorphic5: Greenschist
metamorphic6: Soapstone
metamorphic7: Migmatite
sedimentary0: Limestone
sedimentary1: Chalk
sedimentary2: Shale
sedimentary3: Siltstone
sedimentary4: Lignite
sedimentary5: Dolomite
sedimentary6: Greywacke
sedimentary7: Chert

Tentative Ore Distributions
---------------------------
Iron: igneous, metamorphic, Limestone, Shale, Siltstone, Lignite, Dolomite, Greywacke, Chert (all but Chalk)
Gold: igneous, sedimentary
Lead: igneous, metamorphic
Silver: igneous, metamorphic
Nickel: igneous, metamorphic
Bauxite: Red Granite, Black Granite, Basalt, Gneiss, Limestone, Shale, Dolomite
